Also, since the beginning of the Great East Asia War,
I believe that we should establish a spiritual society akin to the ones which took a turn or internally and externally.
Whether or not it was in the Nathan Cook middle school, the Kwame Tzuha and the Chinese whoever I went to
or by compare with one regular politics cheese leader.
They are those who areκheirage of politics.
And I, as a politician, have a great responsibility to do so.
I am a soldier who devotes his life to the cause of the Great Japanese War.
However, in order to establish a youth-oriented,
and strong-minded Yoku-san parliament,
it is necessary to elect the most suitable generation to the parliament.
In this sense, the election of this time must be a co-ordination of the domestic people for the parliament.
However, the most suitable generation for the parliament,
should not be limited to academic experience.
In order to fight the Great Japanese War,
we must actively take the opportunity to elect the most suitable generation.